hey it's chef lovely here and today
we're going to make cube steak Milanese
here are the ingredients for plum
tomatoes seeded and chopped one-half cup
diced red onion one-half teaspoon salt
divided one egg plus 1 egg white one
half cup plain dry breadcrumbs
one-fourth cup grated pecorino romano or
parmesan cheese plus one-fourth cup
shape divided which i will be using
today two tablespoons minced fresh
parsley 1 pound cube steak cut into four
portions one-half teaspoon freshly
ground pepper divided six teaspoons of
extra virgin olive oil also divided four
cups baby arugula chops three fourth cup
thinly sliced fresh basil leaves 1
tablespoon fresh lemon juice plus lemon
wedges for garnish ok so to begin this
dish we're going to take our tomatoes
which I have here in this bowl we're
going to mix in our red onion and we're
going to season it with a little bit of
salt and pepper so what's going to
happen the salt is going to pull out any
moisture that we have in our vegetables
because later on we're going to mix this
in with our google let's make a
beautiful salad underneath our cube
steak so we're going to give this a nice
light tops and then we're going to set
this to the side and we're going to just
let it chill out and do its thing while
we make our protein ok so let's get that
out the way now we have to set up a
station we are going to cope this in
some delicious bread crumbs and I want
to make sure that we get a crispy golden
brown crust so here we go I'm going to
season our cube steak with a little bit
of salt and pepper just like this
make sure that we are seasoning every
layer here and let's flip this over so
that we season both sides fantastic so a
little bit more salt and pepper here
great and our pepper there we go okay so
on the one plate I'm going to take bread
crumb here and we're going to take half
of that Parmesan cheese just like that
give it a quick little mix with your
hands here just to make sure that that
Parmesan cheese is well incorporated and
mixed okay give a little shakey shake
there we go now step two in the process
we're going to take that egg and then
egg white we're going to season it a
little bit of salt a little bit of
pepper we're going to whisk this up and
then we're going to put that into our
second dish here okay fantastic easy
breezy pop that right into our dish here
there we go now I'm going to take some
of our oil here and we're going to heat
this pan so after we're done reading
will be ready to go directly on the fire
so let's get this hot medium heat and
that's going to get warm so let's go
ahead and start I'm going to show you
how we take one we're going to dip it
into our egg take your time here there's
no rush be very very delicate with it
and then straight into our bread crumb
just like this so crispy golden brown on
the outside really tender melting your
mouth on the end
I so there we go I'm going to finish up
our last three remaining pieces and then
when we come back I'm going to show you
how we go right into the pan okay so all
of our cube steak has now been breaded
in our breadcrumbs so let's go into our
skillet here there we go there's one
there's two three last 14 there we go
fantastic so we're going to let these
cook until they're nice and golden brown
on both sides I'm going to give my hands
to wash and clean up my station a little
bit and then when we come back we're
going to put together our remaining
ingredients for our delicious meal so
our cubes fake has been sautéing in our
oil here both sides are golden brown and
absolutely delicious so what we're going
to do we're going to take these down
we're going to put them on a place if
you have a little bit of foil you can
tint that as well it's going to keep all
the moisture in is going to keep it nice
and hot and it's going to be waiting for
you and you're ready to eat okay so
let's go back to our bowl of tomatoes
red onion and a little bit of salt and
pepper as you see there's just a little
bit of liquid coming out of the bowl and
that's exactly what we wanted to achieve
so this is going to be absolutely
delicious so let's go ahead and add in
our remaining ingredients so we have a
little bit of Parmesan cheese left over
we're going to add that in we have our
parsley we're also going to add in some
basil so a nice liquor she kind of bite
we're going to see them with some salt
and pepper of course for a little bit of
acidity we're going to add in some lemon
juice as well don't forget we also have
a little bit of that oil so we're going
to add that in it's kind of making a
dressing if you will so let's give this
a toss
fantastic okay now our last ingredient
is our baby arugula here this is going
to be the body of our dish so let's go
ahead and add that in last little bit
here so let's go back in lightly toss it
bring all of those ingredients from the
bottom to the top we want to make sure
that every little piece of arugula has a
little parmesan has some tomato has a
little bit of olive oil salt pepper and
there we go okay so here we go let's
plate this dish beautiful plate here i
am going to take my tomato arugula salad
and we're going to make one nice a big
pile right in the middle of the plate
just like that okay this is my portion
here for later ok now let's go in for
our cube steak I think wanna do you
we're going to nestle it right on the
top just like that and let me tell you
you're going to be the star of the show
for dinner tonight I want you to go home
make this meal enjoy it it's crispy it's
delicious it has the tomatoes that has
the arugula you're absolutely going to
love this dish so when you sit down for
dinner don't forget to save me some
you